# CIS4330
Hey everyone, this is where I will be posting my 4330 blog info. 
Although microservices are advancing, every development in other applications need to make those same changes or strives. MASA is deployed to have multiple front-end services, as well as multiple counterpart back-end services as well. MSA can be used to implememnt many services for a business and any other form you wish to, as the key role of MSA and MASA is agility or flexibility of use. The scalability of the three services goes microservices, miniservices, and then lastly macroservices. Microservices enable continuous delivery of services, miniservices improve the agility of the applications, and macroservices enable access to functionality of a monolithic application. MSA isn't used as frequently today as it is in its early stages of adoption. Companies such as Netlfix, Amazon, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc. have started using it in Digital media, social networking, e-commerce, and social commerce such as Uber. The adoption of microservices is costly to a company because it is very disruptive to already created systems. Since the risks are so high, many companies that are tryign to integrate MSA into their services are doing a combination of macroservices and microservices, which isnt yielding the results they desire. Some companies are giving up on their integrations because of high cost and not enough results being shown that they expect. Overall I believe microservices to be great if they are properly used becuase the benefits of them would be greater than the risks they pose to companies. More front end and back end services could be more beneficial to a company suing microservices.
